Move OTLP specification to github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto (#3454)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/protocol/requirements.md

# OpenTelemetry Protocol Requirements

> This document is moved to
> [https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/specification/requirements.md](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/specification/requirements.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page has moved to
<https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/specification/requirements.md>.
```
